Important: This is another assignment where you will be modifying existing code. You are not meant to be able to create this code from scratch.

The goal of this assignment is to train you to be able to

jump into an existing codebase
figure out how the code works
make modifications to the code without breaking existing functionality.
Use console.log() to help dissect what this program is doing.
Fork then clone the following codes: https://github.com/krisekenes/jsCircles

Play around with the app.
Take some time to organize and clean-up the code

Upgrades:

If the browser changes size, have the container change size, and the balls bounce appropriately.
Try modifying the JavaScript to set the width and height of the SVG element to be the same as the size of the browser.
Create a new git branch called ‘bounce’ (which you can do by simply typing ’git branch bounce', which creates the branch and then typing ‘git checkout bounce’ to go to this branch)
Make the balls bounce correctly (not after they’ve entered the edge of the container).
After fixing: git add . , & git commit -m “bounce fix”, & git checkout master & git merge.
Delete the bounce branch from git!
Create a new git branch called touch
We want the circles to get larger, the longer you click or hold down on your mouse (demo.html code holds a timer function that might help).
git merge and remove touch!
Write, or modify a function that can test whether the balls collide or not. Using the above function: have the balls…
disappear on collision?
merge on collision?
bounce off one another on collision?
change color on collision?
combining gracefully (instead of two balls all the sudden showing up as a bigger ball maybe animate how these two balls kind of gel together to create a bigger ball).?
Tips

When you must delete a member of the array full of circles use the delete command in

delete array[index]

*To remove the HTML circle from the screen:

checkout remove(), or removeChild();

but: make sure your Javascript objects contain information about the HTML id of

This app is cool to show off to friends as it’s interactive and it demonstrates that you understand how OOP works.

It’s even cooler to show when you’re showing this on your iPhone or iPad (after you deploy this to a live site of course) and touch on the screen you want the new ball to appear.
