Important Note Before You Start:
A lot of the assignments you see going forward will be to modify existing code we already wrote instead of having you build things from scratch.  When you join companies or start working as a developer, you'll not always build your own code from scratch but will most likely continue working on an existing project.  It's important therefore for you to learn how to jump into an existing project and learn quickly how to make feature updates compared to always building from scratch.  A lot of these exercises are to help you practice these skill sets.  This assignment is designed to challenge you to try to figure out what an existing codebase is doing and then be able to make modifications to it.

JS Scroll
Fork then clone the codes from https://github.com/codingdojoco/js_scroll

Read the first 5-7 paragraphs about setInterval: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window.setInterval

Don't worry about the all the advanced examples towards the end but just know that setInterval is an important function you'll have to get very familiar with.

Please work on the following features after you go through the codes and understand what's happening.
There is a bug where the last character in the word doesn't show up! Please fix this error.
There is a bug where the spaces in the words do not appear correctly. For example, for the word "being helpful". After showing "being", the space should make the right border/cursor move a little bit to the right (to account for the space being entered by the user) yet it doesn't work correctly. Please fix this error. (Hint: It may be easier to see if you slow the interval down)
// Hint: You may want to use the code below to represent space
// DON'T FORGET TO ADD "&" SYMBOL BEFORE IT
nbsp;

Make your own modifications and have fun with it :)
Put this on your GitHub
Note: You are not meant to be able to create something like this from scratch at this point so don't worry if the code seems daunting at first. By the end of the track, you will be able to build projects like this from scratch :)
